just like the quarterback on her
favorite team I've learned that our roof
needs a defensive team to help protect
it underlayment goes over the entire
roof deck before the shingles are
installed it helps to shed water away
from your roof deck and your home but
not all underlayment offers the same
level of protection some kinds can tear
during installation
when it's walked on or exposed to high
winds and even small tears in the
underlayment can cause leaks
owens-corning deck defense underlayment
offers the ultimate in protection it has
a tough water resistant construction
regular felt underlayment can absorb
water and wrinkle when exposed to
moisture which can lead to a bumpy
unattractive roof installation deck
defense has an innovative surface that
repels water and provides long-term
moisture protection for your home
especially important if there is a delay
in getting the shingles installed on the
roof deck unlike regular felt this
high-performance underlayment when it is
first installed can protect your roof
from the elements for up to six months
of exposure without shingles covering it
and deck defense is so durable that it
comes with a 30 year limited warranty
and even if your roof isn't left exposed
doesn't it make you feel secure that
your home could be protected to help
prevent interior damage during and after
installation I'm happy that we chose a
quality roofing system from owens
corning roofing now I can rest assured
that everything and everyone in our home
is protected right from the start